kids are being led to believe and
parents are being led to believe that
you can step in with these very powerful
medications these hormones and you can
deny biology and you can pause biology
you can create a Persona of the opposite
sex without paying a huge price that is
the lie that's being told that you're
not going to pay a price for this oh
yeah there might be a few side effects
no no no no I mean like a whole missing
forearm for example and a penis that
doesn't work and and sterility and
lowered voice decreased bone density and
the increased probability of the
development of cancer and no evidence
whatsoever that there's any any mental
health benefit and all the trauma that
you put your family through and all the
regret that's going to emerge later in
life when you find out that you're
sterile no ability to breastfeed and
complete loss of erotic sensation in the
nipples and
etc etc you mean those risks